remove the dependency of minikube and hostname setting (#459)
oam-dev/rudr: docs/tutorials/deploy_and_update.md

## Visit the web app

The way to visit the web app could be different with different platforms.

> Let's use `port-forward` to help us, get the application URL by running these commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's use `port-forward` to help us get the application URL by running these commands:
```

```
export POD_NAME=$(kubectl get pods -l "oam.dev/instance-name=first-app-helloworld-python-v1,app.kubernetes.io/name=first-app" -o jsonpath="{.items[0].metadata.name}")
echo "Visit http://127.0.0.1:9999 to use your application"
kubectl port-forward $POD_NAME 9999:9999
```

> `kubectl port-forward` command will block and serving your requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`kubectl port-forward` command will block and serve your requests.
```

> `kubectl port-forward` command will block and serving your requests, you could open your browser to visit this URL.

Reviewer: Not following this sentence.

You can see fields have been changed.

Again, get the application URL by running these commands:

```
export POD_NAME=$(kubectl get pods -l "oam.dev/instance-name=first-app-helloworld-python-v1,app.kubernetes.io/name=first-app" -o jsonpath="{.items[0].metadata.name}")
echo "Visit http://127.0.0.1:9999 to use your application"
kubectl port-forward $POD_NAME 9999:9999
```

Let's visit the web app again and find the following result:

```
Hello World!
```

> The response indicates our change of environment has successfully went into effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The response indicates our change of environment is successful. 
```
